README.md, before:

# Metaversepedia

This is a repository to build a website which documents everything about Metaverse and Web 3.O which are the next iterations of the internet. We will be using [Github pages](https://pages.github.com/) to build this website.

## Next-Gen XR Headsets

[Project Cambria](https://www.gfinityesports.com/tech/project-cambria-oculus-release-date/)

[PlayStation VR 2](https://www.techradar.com/news/playstation-vr-2-release-date-price-news-and-rumors)

[Apple VR/AR headset](https://www.tomsguide.com/news/apple-vr-and-mixed-reality-headset-release-date-price-specs-and-leaks)

## Meta Quest Pro VR headset

[Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg debuts Meta Quest Pro VR headset that will cost $1,500](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/10/11/mark-zuckerberg-debuts-meta-quest-pro-vr-headset-that-will-cost-1500.html)

[Meet the Meta Quest Pro—our newest headset that enables mixed reality experiences, so you can feel more present and do more together](https://www.facebook.com/gaming/Meta/videos/806812773898654/)

[Hands on: Meta Quest Pro review](https://www.techradar.com/reviews/meta-quest-pro)

[Building for the Metaverse on the Web](https://www.facebook.com/RealityLabs/videos/1274502836638155)

## Metaverse News

[Walmart enters the metaverse with Roblox experiences](https://edition.cnn.com/2022/09/26/business/walmart-roblox-metaverse/index.html)

[Dubai launches DEWAVerse platform on Metaverse](https://arynews.tv/dubai-launches-dewaverse-platform-on-metaverse/) 

[Why brands are buying real estate in the metaverse](https://edition.cnn.com/videos/tech/2022/09/28/metaverse-real-estate-spc-intl.cnn)

[Tune in to Meta Connect to hear from Mark Zuckerberg, expert developers and creators](https://fb.watch/g8NtPy9mpD/)

[Meta Enables NFT Cross-Posting on Facebook and Instagram](https://www.blockchain-council.org/news/meta-enables-nft-cross-posting-on-facebook-and-instagram/)

[Decentraland announces world’s first Metaverse ATM](https://europeansting.com/2022/08/23/decentraland-announces-worlds-first-metaverse-atm/)

[New Adobe software tools aim to aid 3D content creation for metaverse - Adobe 3D Capture](https://tribune.com.pk/story/2382381/new-adobe-software-tools-aim-to-aid-3d-content-creation-for-metaverse)

[Microsoft is adding metaverse in Teams, allowing you to create your own avatar before appearing in a meeting](https://blogs.microsoft.com/blog/2022/10/11/microsoft-and-meta-partner-to-deliver-immersive-experiences-for-the-future-of-work-and-play/)

[Microsoft Metaverse Startegy - Microsoft Hololens & Microsoft Mesh](https://metamandrill.com/microsoft-metaverse/#microsoft-games)

Samsung, Adidas has already invested in metaverse and started to build experiences for the 2 billion people who would be using metaverse daily by 2026. [Sam Huber](https://www.linkedin.com/in/samhuber/), CEO of [LandVault](https://landvault.io/) a company that builds and rent out properties in the metaverse says rented properties in the metaverse pay upto $60,000 a month. One property in Decentraland (a metaverse platform) sold for 2.4 Million Dollars.


## Metaverse Careers

Many new and different types of roles and careers will emerge by 2030 as the result of the transition towards the metaverse. Metaverse careers would stem from all the major domains (majority from the tech) and would also include distinct roles such as metaverse storyteller, tour guides, etc.

[10+ Jobs in the Metaverse (That Will Exist in the Future)](https://novoresume.com/career-blog/jobs-in-the-metaverse)

[11 Metaverse Jobs That Will Exist by 2030 - Metaverse and the World of Work](https://www.adeccogroup.com/future-of-work/latest-insights/11-metaverse-jobs-that-will-exist-by-2030/)

[10 Metaverse Jobs That Will Exist by 2030](https://cult.honeypot.io/reads/10-metaverse-jobs-that-will-exist-by-2030/)

[6 BRILLIANT CREATIVE JOBS IN THE METAVERSE THAT ALREADY EXIST](https://www.talenthouse.com/articles/creative-metaverse-jobs)

## Resources

[The metaverse explained in 14 minutes by Matthew Ball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S-4mTvK4cI)

[Matthew Ball's explanation of why video games are the future of the internet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iO_rLWdkEw&t=43s)

[The Metaverse is a golden opportunity to fix the internet’s mistakes by Matthew Ball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcegAH8uYog)

Metaverse book by Matthew Ball [The Metaverse: And How It Will Revolutionize Everything](https://www.amazon.com/Metaverse-How-Will-Revolutionize-Everything/dp/1324092033)

[The Important Difference Between Web3 And The Metaverse](https://www.forbes.com/sites/bernardmarr/2022/02/22/the-important-difference-between-web3-and-the-metaverse/?sh=32411f475af3)

Commit message:

Added Metaverse news topic - Party to Earn Model

README.md, after:

# Metaversepedia

This is a repository to build a website which documents everything about Metaverse and Web 3.O which are the next iterations of the internet. We will be using [Github pages](https://pages.github.com/) to build this website.

## Next-Gen XR Headsets

[Project Cambria](https://www.gfinityesports.com/tech/project-cambria-oculus-release-date/)

[PlayStation VR 2](https://www.techradar.com/news/playstation-vr-2-release-date-price-news-and-rumors)

[Apple VR/AR headset](https://www.tomsguide.com/news/apple-vr-and-mixed-reality-headset-release-date-price-specs-and-leaks)

## Meta Quest Pro VR headset

[Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg debuts Meta Quest Pro VR headset that will cost $1,500](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/10/11/mark-zuckerberg-debuts-meta-quest-pro-vr-headset-that-will-cost-1500.html)

[Meet the Meta Quest Pro—our newest headset that enables mixed reality experiences, so you can feel more present and do more together](https://www.facebook.com/gaming/Meta/videos/806812773898654/)

[Hands on: Meta Quest Pro review](https://www.techradar.com/reviews/meta-quest-pro)

[Building for the Metaverse on the Web](https://www.facebook.com/RealityLabs/videos/1274502836638155)

## Metaverse News

[Walmart enters the metaverse with Roblox experiences](https://edition.cnn.com/2022/09/26/business/walmart-roblox-metaverse/index.html)

[Dubai launches DEWAVerse platform on Metaverse](https://arynews.tv/dubai-launches-dewaverse-platform-on-metaverse/) 

[Why brands are buying real estate in the metaverse](https://edition.cnn.com/videos/tech/2022/09/28/metaverse-real-estate-spc-intl.cnn)

[Tune in to Meta Connect to hear from Mark Zuckerberg, expert developers and creators](https://fb.watch/g8NtPy9mpD/)

[Meta Enables NFT Cross-Posting on Facebook and Instagram](https://www.blockchain-council.org/news/meta-enables-nft-cross-posting-on-facebook-and-instagram/)

[Decentraland announces world’s first Metaverse ATM](https://europeansting.com/2022/08/23/decentraland-announces-worlds-first-metaverse-atm/)

[New Adobe software tools aim to aid 3D content creation for metaverse - Adobe 3D Capture](https://tribune.com.pk/story/2382381/new-adobe-software-tools-aim-to-aid-3d-content-creation-for-metaverse)

[Microsoft is adding metaverse in Teams, allowing you to create your own avatar before appearing in a meeting](https://blogs.microsoft.com/blog/2022/10/11/microsoft-and-meta-partner-to-deliver-immersive-experiences-for-the-future-of-work-and-play/)

[Microsoft Metaverse Startegy - Microsoft Hololens & Microsoft Mesh](https://metamandrill.com/microsoft-metaverse/#microsoft-games)

[What are the benefits of gigs in the metaverse? - The Party to Earn Model](https://cointelegraph.com/news/qa-what-are-the-benefits-of-gigs-in-the-metaverse-there-are-more-than-you-think)

Samsung, Adidas has already invested in metaverse and started to build experiences for the 2 billion people who would be using metaverse daily by 2026. [Sam Huber](https://www.linkedin.com/in/samhuber/), CEO of [LandVault](https://landvault.io/) a company that builds and rent out properties in the metaverse says rented properties in the metaverse pay upto $60,000 a month. One property in Decentraland (a metaverse platform) sold for 2.4 Million Dollars.


## Metaverse Careers

Many new and different types of roles and careers will emerge by 2030 as the result of the transition towards the metaverse. Metaverse careers would stem from all the major domains (majority from the tech) and would also include distinct roles such as metaverse storyteller, tour guides, etc.

[10+ Jobs in the Metaverse (That Will Exist in the Future)](https://novoresume.com/career-blog/jobs-in-the-metaverse)

[11 Metaverse Jobs That Will Exist by 2030 - Metaverse and the World of Work](https://www.adeccogroup.com/future-of-work/latest-insights/11-metaverse-jobs-that-will-exist-by-2030/)

[10 Metaverse Jobs That Will Exist by 2030](https://cult.honeypot.io/reads/10-metaverse-jobs-that-will-exist-by-2030/)

[6 BRILLIANT CREATIVE JOBS IN THE METAVERSE THAT ALREADY EXIST](https://www.talenthouse.com/articles/creative-metaverse-jobs)

## Resources

[The metaverse explained in 14 minutes by Matthew Ball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S-4mTvK4cI)

[Matthew Ball's explanation of why video games are the future of the internet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iO_rLWdkEw&t=43s)

[The Metaverse is a golden opportunity to fix the internet’s mistakes by Matthew Ball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcegAH8uYog)

Metaverse book by Matthew Ball [The Metaverse: And How It Will Revolutionize Everything](https://www.amazon.com/Metaverse-How-Will-Revolutionize-Everything/dp/1324092033)

[The Important Difference Between Web3 And The Metaverse](https://www.forbes.com/sites/bernardmarr/2022/02/22/the-important-difference-between-web3-and-the-metaverse/?sh=32411f475af3)
